Jupetter identities (#17215)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/user-list.md

Find a user account using a sign-in name (also known as a local account).

> > **Note:** When filtering for an **issuerAssignedId**, you must supply both **issuer** and **issuerAssignedId**. For certain entries, the **issuer** value will be ignored. For more details on filtering on identities see [objectIdentity resource type](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/objectIdentity?view=graph-rest-1.0).

Author: @FaithOmbongi not sure I linked to the object identity doc correctly so calling it out explicitly

> > **Note:** When filtering for an **issuerAssignedId**, you must supply both **issuer** and **issuerAssignedId**. For certain entries, the **issuer** value will be ignored. For more details on filtering on identities see [objectIdentity resource type](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/objectIdentity?view=graph-rest-1.0).

Reviewer: @jpettere - this should do it
```suggestion
> **Note:** When filtering for an **issuerAssignedId**, you must supply both **issuer** and **issuerAssignedId**. However, the **issuer** value will be ignored in certain scenarios. For more details on filtering on identities see [objectIdentity resource type](../resources/objectIdentity.md).
```

  "name": "get_signinname_users"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive

> GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/users?$select=displayName,id&$filter=identities/any(c:c/issuerAssignedId eq 'j.smith@yahoo.com' and c/issuer eq 'My B2C tenant')

Author: @FaithOmbongi I ended up choosing an example where the issuer value will be ignored. This is because from a use case perspective customers typically filter for issuerAssignedId for B2C accounts. For non-B2C accounts the issuerAssignedId is often a non-email.

Author: I chose "My B2C tenant" to better denote the issuer value doesn't matter.
